Relevant Coursework: Machine Learning, High Performance Computing, Predictive Analytics, Advanced Statistics, Natural Language Processing University of Michigan                                        Ann Arbor, MI Bachelor of Science: Industrial and Operations EngineeringDate of Graduation: April 2011Relevant Coursework: Software Development, Optimization Methods, Linear Statistical Models, Markov Process, Operations Modeling, Statistics ASQ Certified Six Sigma Black Belt License Number: 12771 

WORK EXPERIENCE: Accenture                                                            
Austin, TX  Senior Software Development Engineer                                                                       
May 2014 – Present  
?Developed and maintained healthcare web applications (.NET MVC C#, HTML, Javascript, CSS, SQL Server) for the Texas Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC) to process Medicaid claims, patient forms, and physician inventory status. Collaborated with clients to translate business objectives into system requirements. Managed analysis and code-reviews for junior developers.?Redesigned and built a new caching system as a microservice in Azure Service Fabric. Pioneered the use of distributed systems for reliable and scalable applications in the Austin office. Developed a RESTful API for clients to consume the Cache microservice. Led the effort in transitioning 6 enterprise apps from a legacy cache architecture to the new Cache microservice in Service Fabric.?Acted as the Project Manager and Lead Developer to build an internal data analytics platform called “SHERLOCK”. Created the project charter and conducted a feasibility study to examine the high-level goals. Presented the executive plan for scope approval and project kickoff. Managed 3 junior engineers on product development and quality control. SHERLOCK reduced on-call troubleshooting time by over 60%, allowed executives to drill down into real-time issues, and streamlined analyst support tasks. Initial prototype was built with Python. End-product was built with MVC C#, Bootstrap, ChartJS, Javascript, and SQL Server. ?Led the automated functional testing initiative as a Solutions Architect using SilkTest. Created a database-driven test protocol for 3 enterprise applications which reduced manual testing time by 93%. Trained analysts on testing standards and quality control.  ?Recipient of three Accenture Executive Recognition Awards (October 2014, January 2016, and August 2016).

Samsung Electronics                                                                           
Austin, TX Lead Industrial Engineer – Supply Chain Management              
April 2013 – May 2014  
?Recruited as the lead engineer to start up the "Supply Chain Management - CRC" group. Managed a team of operators and technicians to create and grow the Repair Center, Clean Parts Warehouse, and Calibration Command Center. Formulated and rolled out a business strategy to align with HQ and reduce average equipment parts expenditure by $1.5 million per month.  ?Designed and coded inventory management applications, KPI dashboards, and task dispatching systems in ASP.NET (C#, HTML, CSS, Javascript) and SQL Server. Developed an automated performance index to grade vendors based on turnaround-time, cost, quality, and customer service. Provided data insights and forecasts to CFO and VP of Operations.  

Cypress Semiconductor (formerly Spansion)                                                       
Austin, TX  Industrial Engineer I – Decision Support Systems                  
June 2011 – Nov 2012 Industrial Engineer II – Decision Support Systems                                                             
Nov 2012 – April 2013  
?Led continuous improvement and business intelligence teams across multiple departments to reduce average costs of over $350k/year.  Designed a real-time dispatching algorithm and programmed an automation system across the factory floor to reduce the lot creation process by over 80%. Streamlined the manual workflow and eliminated logging errors for operators.  ?Built tool capacity models to dynamically forecast activities and tool availability.  Revamped a “Work-In-Process” inventory pacing application for managers to gauge to the performance of the facility. Created web dashboards and reports using ASP.NET (C#), HTML, Javascript and Oracle to display key performance indicators and isolate root causes of underlying problems.

INDEPENDENT PROJECTS: 
Data Analysis on Substance Abuse and Psychiatric Disorders (using Python) 
?Performed analysis on the “U.S National Epidemiological Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions (NESARC)” dataset using inferential statistics (ANOVA, Chi-Square, and Pearson Correlation) to find associations between smoking and depression.  ?Developed predictive models (Multivariate Linear and Logistic Regression) to forecast nicotine-dependent symptoms in individuals. Utilized machine learning and data-mining techniques (Decision Trees, Random Forests, and K-Means Cluster) to identify subsets of individuals at the greatest risk for health problems based on various behavior and substance abuse. 